Section B: AWS Questions

 

1. If i have workload with memory centric, what ec2 instance type must i choose ?
we can choose EC2 Memory optimized instances like R5, R5a, R5b, and R5n instances


2. I have two instances, deployed in same region and same availability zone, what else should  i do to reduce latency between this instance ?
i think we don't need worry about latency in AWS networks between zones in the same region, but we can use PrivateLink beetween the instances

3. If you have two VPC, how to connect them ?
With VPC Peering

4. How to make private subnet on VPC can access the internet ? explain the steps  in details
Use NAT with an elastic IP

Sign in to the AWS Management Console > Open the Amazon VPC console > Choose NAT Gateway > Choose Create NAT Gateway and then select the public subnet and EIP that you have provisioned for the NAT gateway.
After NAT gateway created, make note of the associated ID, which will resemble "nat-xxxxxxx". Choose the Route Tables link, and then choose the route table associated with your NAT gateway. Update this route table so that 0.0.0.0/0 points to the ID of the NAT gateway that you created. Verify internet connectivity with ping on shell / command prompt


5. If you create External Load Balancer (ELB), what subnet must attach to this Load Balancer to make it accessible from Internet ?

attach the public subnets 

6. Which one is fast ? ALB or NLB, explain why.
i think ALB or NLB can't be compared which one is fast. both have different use depends on the specific needs of your application, 

ALB works at the application layer (Layer 7)
NLB works at network and transport layers (Layer 3 & 4)


7. Whats is the difference between S3 and S3 Glacier ? and when to use them
S3 is used for low latency or frequent access data  (simple &  fast storage service). S3 Glacier is used for archiving solutions when we not require low latency access to the data.

8. What is the difference between EBS and EFS ?
EBS is volume block level storage for EC2 instances.
EFS is NFS storage.

9. I already have SSL certificate and key, what AWS service must i use to do SSL termination on ELB ?
Associate the certificates with the corresponding ALB

 
